I can jump further by getting a running start. Mind the overshoot.
Rest shall heal your beleagured body. Any smart adventurer brings a bedroll...and a lookout.
A torch should be kept dry, and a blade sharp.
The key to a long life is knowing when to run.
Holy miracles are lethal to deadites, and unholy magicks mend their bones and skin.
The Jacksberry bush, known for its edible berries, is closely-related to its deadly-poisonous cousin of the same name. So much so that they sometimes cannot be told apart. 
The divines smile upon your prayers in front of a psycross, but never mention them the name of the Dark Shepherd.
The best way to deal with a mage is to shut them up.
Coins are often buried with the dead to pay for the Carriageman's services.
Sissean tails are said to bring good luck if burned and scattered as powder. 
Lux from a tiefling is thought to be toxic. It is often purified with silver before transplantation.
Blood freely spilled always offers greater power, for it carries the worth of both the blood and the choice. Always obtain a willing victim, if you can.
Aasimar blood is thought to have powerful protective properties. Superstitious soldiers may ask to be annointed with a drop before a battle.
Black cats are symbols of death. They stare at souls only they can see, and lead them to the Carriageman.
Drow mushroom wines are said to be delicious as long as they are paired with the right antidote.
I AM OLDER THAN AEON. I AM SIN, FATHER OF LIES. I HAVE GONE BY MANY NAMES. SAY THEM AND WEEP, FOR I AM ALL THAT THEY ARE.
It's a good idea to bandage and suture arterial wounds as soon as possible. Death happens slowly, and then all at once.
Gripping bleeding bodyparts makes them bleed slower. The harder you grip, the less you bleed.
To seek progress is to paint with your blood. The greater the work, the harsher the price.
Scent of rot and shit; my feet find fetid ground. A corpse—I am living on a corpse. And then the world is normal again.
LOOK UP TO THOSE WHO EXCEL AT VIOLENCE; THEY CARRY THE WILL OF THE GODS AND RECIEVE PUNISHMENT OF HELL BEYOND HELLS.
A DODGING rogue who keeps their eyes FIXED retreats only backwards.
The Aragn is a large black spider capable of outrunning even the swiftest of elves. Its venom is paralytic, and it preys within sewers and bogs.
Wearing a red tabard provokes even the most serene minotaur.
An arcing arrow can only hit a target below you, not above you. A thrown rock, however...
No pursuit was too perilous, no sacrifice too great. Until, well...
Under the Heavens and the Many Stars, there are darker things than men may dream of.
